Karasuno          Aoba Jousai
Oh, you're back, Oikawa.
How's your leg?
A-okay.
I can get back to regular practice.
It was just a light sprain.
Sheesh. You should be more careful.
We demanded that they play Kageyama, you know.
It'd be really cheap of us if we
didn't play our own starting setter.
I apologize.
Don't push yourself, Oikawa!
Oikawa!
Say, Kageyama. Who's the pretty boy?
He's really getting on my nerves.
That's Seijou's captain.
Oikawa.
He's a really aggressive setter, and I'm sure he's one of the best attackers on the team on top of that.
I can't believe Kageyama's speaking so highly of a player.
Also, he's a total jerk.
That's scary, coming from you!
Might even be worse than Tsukishima.
Sounds horrible.
You know the guy?
Does that mean he's from Kitagawa First?
Yeah.
He was my upperclassman in junior high.
The king's upperclassman?
Does that make him a great king?
Hey there.
Long time no see, Tobio.
The heat flickers
Sweat glitters on my skin
Shouts echo and shoulders hit
We asked the sky through the open window
Haikyuu !!
what our summer would be like
Tell me, Mr. Future
Come on, come on, come on
The chance is there
Do it together
Everybody always wants to stand there,
make mistakes, get angry, and struggle
We'll never give up
We don't want it to end
I will continue on with my imagination
I want to struggle and fall and become stronger
I want to persevere, stand back up, do it again,
and never give up
Let me run
I will run to where my imagination leads me
Long time no see, Tobio.
Episode Seven:
Versus the Great King
It's been forever.
How's ruling your kingdom coming along?
I learned how to serve and block by watching him play.
He's seriously good.
That's who he got the killer serve from?
But stay focused on the match.
We've gotta win this last set.
G-Got it.
Quit trying to scare him, Tanaka!
Anyway, go warm up.
And be more thorough than usual.
Yes, sir.
I seriously wanna kill him!
Aoba Jousai          Karasuno
Hey, why isn't Oikawa playing yet?
Don't be silly. He has to warm up first,
or else he could get hurt.
All right!
No! Anything but that!
Right?
Take this!
Aoba Jousai          Karasuno
One more point.
One more point...
...and we'll beat Seijou, one of the top four teams in the prefecture.
Don't get full of yourselves, damn it!
Good one, Kindaichi!
Don't worry, Tsukishima.
My oh my.
Looks like we're down to the wire.
How'd your warm up go?
A-okay!
I'll take care of the rest.
Please.
The great king enters the fray!
Cut that out.
Are we switching setters?
No, I think he's just pinch-serving.
Give us a good serve, Oikawa!
You could have all the offensive power in the world,
but it wouldn't mean a thing if you never got to attack.
What?
He's aiming for Tsukishima?
Tsukki!
Yep. I knew it.
I watched some of the match.
You, number six,
and you, number five...
You suck at receiving, don't you? First-years, I take it?
His serve is as powerful as Kageyama's—
no, maybe even more.
And he's got the control to direct it wherever he wants.
This is Seijou's captain.
Another one coming right up.
Tsukki!
All right!
Shit.
Don't worry about it, Tsukishima!
I hate Tsukishima because he's always such a jerk.
But, you know...
Aoba Jousai          Karasuno
Oh, we'll be tied if we score another point.
Hey, you! Great king!
Hit it over here! I'll dig it out!
Bring it on! Don't you look down on us!
Great king?
Quit whining. It's pathetic.
What was that?!
Amazing how he can still be an ass when we're this close to losing.
Even so...
Listen up.
In volleyball,
everyone on your side of the court is your ally, without exception!
Such wise words!
Okay.
Get back, all of you.
And Tsukishima, get closer to the sideline.
Okay.
All right.
Bring it!
Net
So the captain, a skilled receiver,
is gonna cover more area himself.
But, you know, you can't cover the entire court by yourself!
Tsukki!
He aimed for him even though
he's standing at the very edge?!
But because he needed precise control,
this one's weaker than the previous two!
It's up!
Nice, Tsukki!
Wow, he received it. Atta boy.
Maybe I made it a bit too easy for him.
But this is our chance to score.
Damn it.
A golden opportunity.
Put it away, guys.
I got this!
This is bad. Our current rotation is the one with the shortest blockers.
Kindaichi!
Good. I shook off the blockers—
What's that midget doing here?!
It went up.
Good job making contact!
Now's our chance!
Why, you little...
Now I'm gonna swat you away!
A step, a second...
Once this guy steals the march on you, you can never catch up to him.
The only thing that can...
is the ball!
Aoba Jousai          Karasuno
What just happened?
He went from one side of the court to the other in a flash.
That set looked like it got sucked into the spiker's hand.
Hell yeah!
Line up!
What's wrong?
That was incredible!
Oh, right.
Today's your first time seeing Hinata and Kageyama's quick attacks in action.
Amazing, right?
Actually, I don't know if I should call it amazing or scary.
Please give us your thoughts!
Something like a critique, sir.
O-Oh, right.
I still don't know much about volleyball,
but...
even I could tell something incredible was going on here.
A new school year began, some great first-years joined us,
and things didn't go too well at first,
but I think I realized something today.
Alone, they might be nothing special,
but when certain people come together, they form something far greater than the sum of their parts.
Even as we speak, there might be encounters taking place that could change the world.
It could be anywhere—like in a faraway country,
or maybe on the other side of the Earth.
Or they could be taking place in the remote
countryside of a tiny island country in the Far East—
in the perfectly average volleyball team of a perfectly normal high school.
Watching the match, I felt like something like that had happened at Karasuno.
I have nothing to back this belief up,
but I still think it's much better than not believing.
I'm sure you guys will grow much, much stronger.
Sorry! Was that too flowery?! Did you get weirded out?!
N-No! Of course not!
Thank you.
S-Sure.
Kindaichi.
We've had it with that guy!
No matter how good an offensive weapon he is,
he's clearly hurting the team!
Frankly,
we'd be much better off without him.
Don't you dare apologize!
I'm not gonna apologize either!
'Kay.
To me, you're still gonna be an oppressive king,
a jerk, and the guy I wanna destroy most of all!
'Kay.
So don't you dare apologize!
I'm not gonna make up with you.
Not like we used to be friends, anyway.
'Kay.
And next time,
we'll win for sure!
Next time...
Toilet, toilet!
Who am I?
A future ace, that's who!
Shit, this is one of those situations. You know, bad blood and all that.
Something tells me I shouldn't get involved.
Kindaichi.
We'll be the ones to win next time too.
What were you two talking about?
He just said "we."
Are those tears I see?
The same guy who used to go "I, my, me"
all the time, like he was fighting a lone battle.
Hell no! Just go use the toilet already!
Don't try to change the topic, bro.
Screw you, Hinata!
Shit.
This is hard to take.
What was that for?
Thank you very much!
Mr. Takeda sang our praises,
but honestly speaking, we still desperately lack something required to take Seijou on
and beat them with Oikawa playing the whole match.
Now that's a captain for you.
He knows what he's talking about.
The great king showed up!
Got a problem?
What do you want?
You wanna go?
No need to be so hostile.
You, the little one.
That play you pulled off at the end with the block and the broad jump was incredible.
Next time, let's go all out right from the start.
I didn't get to show you how I set, after all.
Oh, right.
I'll make sure to improve my serve too.
Oh yeah.
Normally, that serve would be unleashed right from the start.
Your offense certainly is great,
but if you guys don't get better at receiving, you'll soon hit the glass ceiling.
I'm not the only one who's got a powerful serve, you know.
The interhigh prelims are coming up soon.
Don't get knocked out.
Because I want to take this oh-so-precious junior of mine on, setter-on-setter, in an official match and destroy him!
We'll train extra-hard to receive!
Hey, let me go.
You don't get better at receiving overnight.
Though I suppose your captain knows that already.
You don't have much time left.
I look forward to seeing what you come up with.
D-Don't let him get to you.
He just likes to mess with people, is all.
Sure, there's not much time left until the interhigh prelims,
but he'll be back soon.
Who?
Karasuno's guardian angel!
Karasuno's guardian angel?
Haikyuu !!
Kageyama showed quite the transformation, didn't he?
Totally.
Now that the prodigy who was spinning his wheels has found the perfect outlet for his talents,
plebeians are no match for him.
Does that include you?
At setting, yeah.
I don't think there's a single setter in this prefecture who can distribute the ball as well as he does.
He's not as good as me at serving, blocking, or spiking, though.
Damn it, Oikawa! Don't just admit his sets are better than yours!
And you call yourself a setter?
But it's true!
That's exactly why we need to break their defense down.
It doesn't matter how good their setter is if they don't get him the ball.
I hope we get to play Karasuno in an official match.
I wanna throw their defense for a loop, give them no chances to make any sets, and then smugly say to them,
"Having a star on your team doesn't mean you'll win. But don't worry about it!"
I wanna say it so bad!
What? Don't prodigies piss you off?
Guys who girls fawn over piss me off even more!
Ow!
Jealous much, Iwa? That's pathetic!
Oww!
Quit messing around or the Coach will get mad at you.
That hurts, Iwa!
Let's clean up the place a little, and that'll be that.
Well done, boys!
Thank you!
Hey!
Thanks for today, sir.
Don't mention it. You all did great today.
I was amazed you actually went and beat the Aoba Jousai!
But we're not quite there yet.
We're somehow scoring points
thanks to Hinata and Kageyama,
but if Hinata were to be caught by the blockers
Forget about mopping, Hinata. Go home.
or our defense broken down like today,
Look at that, Tsukki.
we'd be in deep trouble.
Oh wow.
And if we were to find ourselves in such a situation,
I'm not sure I'd be able to lead the team like a coach would.
Right.
I'm sorry!
I don't mean to say you're not good enough!
I know.
Don't worry. I'll get you a coach.
I know where to go.
Really?
Who is it?
Foot of the Slope
I've asked plenty of times before,
and I've yet to get a positive reply,
but I'll make it happen somehow.
Could you take care of the rest for today?
Yes, sir.
F-For some reason, Take seems really reliable right now.
Yeah.
Equipment Room
m 846 373.5 l 844.5 460.5 1159.5 490.5 1161 406.5
What the heck?
This mop doesn't look safe. Can I throw it away?
Oh, don't worry. It's fine.
We can still use it if we get it fixed.
Dismissed!
Thank you!
Foot of the Slope
Chinese buns?
The soccer team just bought the last ones.
We're sold out for the day.
But I'm starving!
Do your job, lazybones!
Shaddup!
Go home and eat a proper meal already!
You won't build any muscle otherwise!
Catch.
Thank you!
Make sure to eat dinner.
Coming.
Hello, this is Foot of the Slope.
Not you again.
All said and done,
that pretty boy had an amazing serve.
We would've been in deep shit if we had to deal with that the entire match.
I guess we should've expected as much from Kageyama's upperclassman...
Wait, why'd you even join Karasuno?
The strongest school in this prefecture is Shiratorizawa.
Shiratori?
Shiratorizawa. By far the best team in the prefecture,
and a powerhouse that's among the top eight in the country.
Wow.
I didn't get into Shiratorizawa.
You what?!
They didn't give me a recommendation,
so I took the general entrance exam and failed.
It was Greek and Hebrew to me.
Yeah, I hear it's really hard to get in the normal way.
Oh, so the king isn't very good at studies.
See you tomorrow.
Why Karasuno, then?
Did you wanna be like the Little Giant too?
Because I heard Coach Ukai was coming out of retirement.
Ukai?
The miracle worker who led no-name Karasuno to the spring nationals!
"Karasuno's Ukai" became famous all across the nation.
They called him a coach who led a group of violent crows.
He coached the current upperclassmen a little last year.
He was a real hardass.
Why do you look envious?
Coach Ukai was officially gonna
come out of retirement, but then...
He got hospitalized?!
He doesn't plan on coming back anytime soon. Sorry.
It doesn't really matter what school I'm in, though.
I'll be facing high schoolers just like me.
There's no reason why I can't win.
Don't be a sore loser now.
Acting cool isn't gonna help.
You're wrong! And I'm not trying to act cool!
We did actually beat a top four team today, didn't we?
Well, yeah.
We beat Seijou 2-1.
And I was able to score freely. Guess we have Hinata to thank for being such a great decoy.
Th-Thanks!
Anyway, how did you like your debut?
Though, well, you did screw up spectacularly in the first set.
You conceded as many points as you scored, so you'd better not be satisfied with it.
Why do you have to say things like that?!
That's right.
We're lacking in a lot of ways,
and we only barely managed to win today.
I-I'll train a bunch!
O-Okay.
Individual improvements are important too.
But right now, Karasuno's badly short on hands.
Yeah.
We need a defensive cornerstone—a libero,
and an ace spiker who can take on three blockers by himself.
I call that!
I told you already! You're the greatest decoy!
But didn't you say our "guardian angel"
would be back soon?
Yeah.
We're no powerhouse, but we're not all that weak either.
This team's had some talented players during my time here,
but we never managed to put their strengths together.
But if all of us come together again,
add you first-years to the equation,
and put everything we have together...
...then the summer interhigh—
taking the national throne—
won't just be some faraway goal.
I'm certain that it'll be within our reach!
I've heard about the summer interhigh!
But this guy you say is coming back...
Where has he been all this while?
He was suspended for a week and banned from club activities for about a month.
Is he a delinquent?
Hell no!
He's just... a little too passionate, is all.
He's a seriously nice guy.
I can't believe Tanaka of all people is
calling someone else "too passionate."
That's not all.
He's Karasuno's one and only prodigy.
Though I guess he's not the "one and only" anymore, now that we have the super-cocky Kageyama too.
Call him "sir" when he comes back, Hinata.
You'll make him stupidly happy, just like Tanaka.
"Stupidly"?
Guardian angel, huh?
I wonder what he's like.
We're gonna leave you behind!
Coming!
It's gonna hit!
Don't get in my way, Hinatard!
That could've hit the target, you know!
Did I get it? Did I dig it out?
Hell no, jackass! You knocked it out of the park!
I'll go get it back.
Idiot.
I got it this time.
He killed all the speed and spin,
and returned the ball to where the setter would be.
That was a perfect receive.
Y-You're shorter than me?
If I tell you this story,
I wonder if I can explain to you
my feelings
and the distance between us
Standing on an empty field
I breathe out into the night air
Countless times I swore that I would change
I stumbled and fell a lot,
but I swore I would laugh at the end
and not let my tears go to waste
There are so many dreams that can definitely come true
I always sat somewhere, downcast, dejected, depressed,
but still I decided I would fight,
and not let all my frustration go to waste
This is our revenge
Next Episode Preview
What the hell just happened?
He showed up like "zoom"!
And then he received like "bam" and sent it back like "whoosh."
Now I'm all like "whoa."
Well, it's not like I can't understand what you're saying, but...
Episode Eight:
The One They Call "Ace"
Next time on Haikyuu!!:
"The One They Call 'Ace.'"